color-gamut                   srgb | p3 | rec2020                             discrete
display-mode                  fullscreen | standalone | minimal-ui | browser  discrete
dynamic-range                 standard | high                                 discrete
environment-blending          opaque | additive | subtractive                 discrete
orientation                   portrait | landscape                            discrete
prefers-color-scheme          light | dark                                    discrete
prefers-contrast              no-preference | less | more | custom            discrete
prefers-reduced-data          no-preference | reduce                          discrete
prefers-reduced-motion        no-preference | reduce                          discrete
prefers-reduced-transparency  no-preference | reduce                          discrete
scan                          interlace | progressive                         discrete
video-color-gamut             srgb | p3 | rec2020                             discrete
video-dynamic-range           standard | high                                 discrete
any-hover                     none | hover                                    discrete
any-pointer                   none | coarse | fine                            discrete
forced-colors                 none | active                                   discrete
hover                         none | hover                                    discrete
inverted-colors               none | inverted                                 discrete
nav-controls                  none | back                                     discrete
overflow-block                none | scroll | paged                           discrete
overflow-inline               none | scroll                                   discrete
pointer                       none | coarse | fine                            discrete
update                        none | slow | fast                              discrete
scripting                     none | initial-only | enabled                   discrete
grid                          <mq-boolean>                                    discrete

resolution                    <resolution> | infinite                         range finr

device-height                 <length>                                        range finr
device-width                  <length>                                        range finr
height                        <length>                                        range finr
width                         <length>                                        range finr

device-aspect-ratio           <ratio>                                         range (can't be negative)
aspect-ratio                  <ratio>                                         range (can't be negative)

color                         <integer>                                       range finr
horizontal-viewport-segments  <integer>                                       range finr
color-index                   <integer>                                       range finr
monochrome                    <integer>                                       range finr
vertical-viewport-segments    <integer>                                       range finr
